.TH HSH 1 "12 December 2022" "0.1" "HSH"
.SH NAME
.B hsh
- command interpreter (simple shell)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./hsh
.SH DESCRIPTION
The simple shell is a command-line interface (CLI)
that provides a command line user interface for
Unix-like operating systems.
The shell is both an interactive command language
and a scripting language. It is used by the
operating system to control the
execution of the system using shell scripts.

.B Overview

The simple shell is a program that takes commands
from the user, or a file, and gives them to the
operating system to perform.
A terminal is used to interact with the simple shell.
The shell implements a language that has flow
control constructs, a macro facility that provides a
variety of features in addition to data storage,
along with built in history and line editing capabilities.
It incorporates many features to aid
interactive use and has the advantage that the
interpretative language is common to both interactive and
non-interactive use (shell scripts).
Commands can be typed directly to the running shell
or can be put into a file and the file
can be executed directly by the shell.

.B Interactive mode

The commands are run with user-interaction from keyboard.

.B Non-interactive mode

The commands are run from reading files.

.B Built-in Commands

This section lists the built-in commands which are "built-in" because they
need to perform some operations that can't be performed by a separate
process.  In addition to these, there are several other commands that
may be built-in for efficiency such as printf(1), echo(1), test(1), etc.

.SH EXAMPLE

($) ./hsh

($) ls

README.md		_print_env.c		free.c			remove_newline.c	functions.c

_exit.c			commands.c	main.c			shell.h

_getenv.c		counter.c		man_simple_shell	signal_handler.c

_open_help.c		execute.c			more_functions.c	tokenize.c

($)

.SH EXIT STATUS

Errors that are detected by the shell, such as a syntax error, will
cause the shell to exit with a non-zero exit status.  If the shell is
not an interactive shell, the execution of the shell file will be
aborted.  Otherwise the shell will return the exit status of the last
command executed, or if the exit built-in is used with a numeric
argument, it will return the argument.

.SH ENVIRONMENT

.B PATH

The default search path for executables.

.B PWD

This command prints the path of the current working directory.  This is set by the cd command.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Jared Glass (5546@holbertonstudents.com), Lindsey Lancaster (5556@holbertonstudents.com)